README.md, before:

Skeleton Application Using Cygnite Framework
======================================

Sample skeleton application using the Cygnite MVC layer - http://www.cygniteframework.com

>  Note: This repository contains the skeleton application of the Cygnite Framework. If you would like to contribute
on Cygnite Framework, please visit the core [repository](https://github.com/cygnite/framework).

Installation
=========
The best way to install Cygnite Framework is to download composer.phar from http://getcomposer.org/ to your local directory or to use globally on your system move it to
usr/local/bin. For windows users please download and install composer setup.

You may install Cygnite Framework either simply downloading skeleton application from github repository or install via composer. Composer installation is more convenient.


Composer: Create Project
============================
Create your project from terminal by simply entering below command.

    composer create-project cygnite/cygnite-application cygnite --prefer-dist
                                        or
    composer.phar create-project cygnite/cygnite-application cygnite --prefer-dist

That's all you are ready to build your awesome application.


##Contribute -
===========
-> Getting bored with the same kind of development ?

-> How long want to be user of some software ? Would like be creator as well ?

-> Are you an experienced PHP professional and having knowledge of Object Oriented Programming concepts?

-> Do you want to learn something interesting and also showcase your skills to become well known by communities?

You are at the right place. We welcome you to participate on Cygnite Framework development or its documentation.

Contribute on Cygnite Framework development and grow with us. Join the team, learn, get help and help others, find, report bugs, send us your feedback,
send your wishlist for new features, write and send us patches for Cygnite Framework.


##Getting Started with Cygnite -
===============================
i.  Make sure you have GitHub Account.

ii. Clearly describe the issue you find to fix shortly.

iii. Create a branch where you would like to place your changes and send the patches to us.

iv.  Fork cygnite/framework repository on GitHub.

v. Please follow the coding standard as followed (Resembles PSR) on the project or please request for coding standard to follow.

Commit message:

Cygnite version upgraded. Minimum PHP v5.4x
Upgraded directory structure for next major version Cygnite2
Added RouteCollection.php file to Respond Static and Group routing callbacks.
Added Events Middlewares
New configurations files added
Language translator added into core.
Direct access on controller deprecated and Cygnite2 controllers will respond to routes
CRUD routes added to avoid writing multiple static routing to controller
Error view page added

Core Framework: https://github.com/cygnite/framework/tree/2.0

README.md, after:

Skeleton Application Using Cygnite PHP Framework
------------------------------------------------------------------

[![Latest Stable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/cygnite/cygnite-application/v/stable.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/cygnite/cygnite-application) [![Total Downloads](https://poser.pugx.org/cygnite/cygnite-application/downloads.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/cygnite/cygnite-application) [![Latest Unstable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/cygnite/cygnite-application/v/unstable.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/cygnite/cygnite-application) [![License](https://poser.pugx.org/cygnite/cygnite-application/license.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/cygnite/cygnite-application)

Sample skeleton application using the Cygnite MVC layer - http://www.cygniteframework.com

>  Note: This repository contains the skeleton application of the Cygnite Framework. If you would like to contribute
on Cygnite Framework, please visit the core [repository](https://github.com/cygnite/framework).

Installation
--------------
The best way to install Cygnite Framework is to download composer.phar from http://getcomposer.org/ to your local directory or to use globally on your system move it to
usr/local/bin. For windows users please download and install composer setup.

You may install Cygnite Framework either simply downloading skeleton application from github repository or install via composer. Composer installation is more convenient.


Composer: Create Project
--------------------------------
Create your project from terminal by simply entering below command.

    composer create-project cygnite/cygnite-application cygnite --prefer-dist
                                        or
    composer.phar create-project cygnite/cygnite-application cygnite --prefer-dist

That's all you are ready to build your awesome application.


##Contribute -
------------------
-> Getting bored with the same kind of development all time?

-> Would you like to be well recognised by professionals ?

-> Do you want to learn something interesting and showcase your skills to grab better position ?

You are at right place. We welcome you to participate on Cygnite Framework development or its documentation.

Contribute on Cygnite Framework development and grow with us. Join the team, learn, get help and help others, find, report bugs, send us your feedback,
send your wishlist for new features, write and send us patches for Cygnite Framework.


##Getting Started with Cygnite -
-----------------------------------------
i.  Make sure you have GitHub Account.

ii. Clearly describe the issue you find to fix shortly.

iii. Create a branch where you would like to place your changes and send the patches to us.

iv.  Fork cygnite/framework repository on GitHub.

v. Please follow the PSR coding standard as followed  while contributing or please request for coding standard to follow.
